(Her dancing lines are beautiful even in the cold weather!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Yves - new"
(What the other members are doing while Yves is dancing hard like that?)
ViVi: Hi~
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ 1/3 - 3월을 기다려(Valentine Girl)"
(The new LOOΠΔ TV camera has a super wide angle!)
ViVi: We can shoot more wide-screen!
Choeery: Where am I?
(It is useful when there are many members!)
JinSoul: Here. You looks so small~
HaSeul: (Leader's instinct) Here are 3, 5, 6, 7, 8!!
HaSeul: 3!
ViVI: 5
Kim Lip: 6
JinSoul: 7
Choerry: 8
(7th and 8th girl is jumping up and down to keep warm and 5th girl is filming that)
ViVi: What are you two doing?
JinSoul: Keep warm my body!
Choerry: Keep.. .warm...!
(5th girl also joined them!)
(What are you doing, 3rd and 6th girl?)
(They're hanging out with a dog!)
Kim Lip: So cute!!!!
Kim Lip: Such a cutie!
(It looks like she likes a dog)
Kim Lip: When you do like this, a dog follows your action!
(LOOΠΔ looks so happy!)
(And 9th girl is still filming her MV)